on the road in this league Arkansas came
out they were ready to play they kept
the ball away from us a lot in the first
half we were able to run the football
and felt like a big play in the game was
that fourth down stop our defense
questions because is this special for
you personally to come back here to get
your first win here since you left him
but just to be completely honest is just
about getting our age related you know I
mean I've got a lot of friends a lot of
family it's a special place but you
separate that got a job to do and I'm
just very proud of our team coming in
here and did the victor but now sense of
nostalgia whatsoever looking around out
there before the game there's a lot of
familiar faces a lot of friends out
there but the guy job to do but not
you've done the job you won the game can
you enjoy the victory that thank you our
own three here coming back I'll do that
there's no doubt we will enjoy this
victory because they're hard to come by
organ saw had a week a week to prepare
off solid team was a tough victory very
happy 14 because it is this as efficient
as you've been
number of stands for the yardage in a
game where team is controllable yeah
that they definitely control the ball
they kept away from our offense that was
top one patient there and but we were
able to run the football on in our
mindset coming in this thing was we felt
like we had to run the football I think
the only through nine times and the most
part we were fairly successful running
got stuck by train tonight yeah trey is
establishing himself as one of the top
running backs in our league he's a tough
guy he's durable he's been a little
banged up he's getting little healthier
offensive line did a good job too okay
how's 110 yeah you know the American is
one tough customer we didn't know really
he was going to play we felt like he had
a chance on Thursday but we really
didn't know for sure he's going to start
till we got there and saw him throw
freaking and all that but he's a tough
guy and I think you know his toughness
carries over to our team I was
especially office hope you describe the
belief of this team right now given
where they were last year how far
they've come so far I'm just I'm just
proud of the guys they play together
they nearly they do what the coaches I
ask they play for each other they're
finding ways to one aspect originated
swaying gait plane when I something that
was pretty good and I almost called
timeout and I was kind of kicking myself
I didn't call timeout before well
executed play thank you around the club
all I mean that's it so I used to be
running backs in July because they're
fighting irony and then running that
based on what Brett said earlier I mean
you try to Winnie where you can as a
good blood by them because they're
definitely have it explained fell down
looked on the TV replay to be kind of an
odd situation they're just what were
your thoughts on
get hurt got him so he was he wasn't
thinking no I mean we don't tell our
kids to fake the conversation like
between you didn't feel it before the
game was that conversation to breathe he
was real nice and his talk briefly i
said like i said before i get a lot of
respect game he's axon coach he's taking
over a program they're going to get
better and he'll get this thing they get
this thing go because it's kind of look
like an emotional game the entire way I
mean other players looking around at the
fourth quarter after big drives big
plays you just speak to that players
yourself yeah there's no doubt I mean
you know kind of got interesting there
when they scored that touchdown right at
the first the fourth quarter right there
and the momentum swung to their side the
crown got into it and all that and sorry
guys you know got excited too